Once upon a time, there was a man who lived on the edge of the world. He wore a yellow rain jacket and a matching yellow hat because it always rains at the edge of the world. Every day the man looked over the edge and wondered what was beyond. The edge of the world was a lonely place, but the man had a kitty cat that kept him company. A mailman also visited him with news about town and packages of dehydrated food. Occasionally the mailman even brought him actual mail. Today the mailman came with his deliveries, and all he found was a note and the man’s yellow hat. The note said, “Gone to see what’s out there. Feed the cat.”

He traveled for 10 long days, walking by night to avoid the heat of the desert, and resting in the shade by day. After 10 days he saw an oasis on the horizon. But as he got closer, he became nervous, for he could see people moving around the oasis. He hadn't been near any amount of people in many a long year. And so it went, the closer he got, the slower he walked, not wanting to stay in the desert, but also not wanting to talk to other people. But before he made up his mind, they saw him.


The people eagerly approached the desolate silhouette of a starving man. His once brillant yellow rain jacket was now tattered and worn. He had not eaten or drank for days. The people usered him into the town. Within the limits of the town were wonders that he could have only dreamed of. Everyone was dressed in technicolor dream coats.  Hydrated food was found in abundance. The air smelt of soft lavendar. The man could not help but enjoy the pleasantries and hospitality. But he felt this deep ache inside, the longing for his old lonely home with his kitty cat.

And thus, once more he walked; venturing back into the desert from which he had came. Stocked with food he had taken from the oasis town, the man traveled in confidence. However, as hours turned into days, and days into weeks, the man once again grew delirious. It felt as though he was walking in circles, coming upon the same landmarks time and time again, with the horizon never changing. After what felt to him like months, he was eventually weathered to defeat, "I will never see my kitty cat again," he muttered, before collapsing to the ground.     

When he woke up he was a little shocked that he felt so comforable, as he thought that he would be dead. He was in new clothes we was in a big bed and it was silent. The man got out of bed walked through the door on the otherside of the room. He enter a normal sized living room which he was able to see the kitchen from. He saw 3 kids running around the kitchen table and a girl who was probably their mother setting the table for 6. Who could the other two be he thought? "Ahh your up! That great!" the mailman said as he shook his hand and led him into the kitchen. He was speechless and a little confused until a big smile came on his face when he saw his that it was his kitten the kids were playing with.
